What do you see as CHAOSS project strengths (what do you love about CHAOSS)?

The depth of expertise in the community

CHAOSS is exceptional at community health. The community generating community health metrics is unusually healthy. 
It is a model for good practices.

Being committed to open-source is becoming frustratingly less common, so I'm glad to see an organization insisting that their work will belong to the people, and not to any hypothetical corporate backers.

The passion and commitment of the CHAOSS community to provide a set of valuable metrics to describe an open source projects.

Agreements over definitions

CHAOSS has an active and welcoming community. The projects are interesting and useful.

ease of community involvement and insight into metrics

Standard metrics, and good tools

The project is open and welcoming and is doing really important work! I really appreciate the extent to which newbies are able to participate.

Seems interesting. Havent interacted with them much though, but it seems like they have a good mission/goal. If CHAOSS is at all related to OSI, maybe this thing a coworker sent me recently could be applicable? https://yakshav.es/non-thoughts-on-the-osi/

- Creating a welcoming space for open source project leaders to connect and discuss community health indicators.  - Educating community members on the existing CHAOSS metrics and metrics models and empowering them to develop new ones to address their needs.

The existence of a unified, standardized set of metrics is invaluable for determining community health and value.

Great mission, great educational outreach, great conference presentations, genuinely nice people.

open source, community based, non-commercial 

Well respected/regarded in open source communities. Good community culture. 

The promise of getting metadata about the health of my open source.

Great community, solid ideas and great tooling available

The community!

News Ideas, and family like. 

Only place I know of where these OS community metrics exist.

great community, lots of smart people, diverse, energetic, welcoming

Community, peer discussions, implementation stories

Such a welcoming and loving community 

Project health reporting. 

Community-driven with real-world examples

It is always improving and focusing on finding meaningful metrics to drive communities' health forward for a more equitable open source ecosystem (this is how I see CHAOSS <3)

Augur really makes metrics highly visible on a large scale like I need

Once set up, grimoirelab is a veeery impressive tool. I'm glad it's hosted under CHAOSS. 

Standards

Such an amazing community of lovely people
